It can be translated as "Cause Samadhi" or "Seat Samadhi", "Seat Samadhi".
What is this? It is the union of suchness and all arising Samadhi, triggered.
Now it appears to be more active, more tangible forms that we can hold on the duality mind.
And that is, in a case, the seed syllabus, that often you heard that and you practiced this, so
seed syllabus.
Seed syllabus, what is, is the combination of the skull remains and the western target.
All is the combination of the most subtle wind energy and our awareness target.
In a debate, the teaching is long simple, the subtle wind and as well as our now awareness,
before suchness, all arises Samadhi, our awareness, as it is, is pervasive status, very pervasive
status,
and the infinite vastness status. Now we are, in one way, we are gathering, gathering, even
awareness is nothing changed,
but based on that we are now going to focus more localized, more centralized, and that is the
essence, the most subtle,
the most finest state of our consciousness or the awareness and the wind.
That subtleness appeared in the form of syllabus. So syllabus is nothing but wind and consciousness
or the awareness of our self.
And that, what is that? That is, then, skull remains, bhassala, or that means compassion and
emptiness, target.
You want single status. This syllable can be small. Of course, you can visualize bigger, but
generally say small, small.
That appeared as instantly as a rainbow in the sky. Just instantly appeared.
And even though it is a subtle consciousness and subtle wind energy combined together,
the way is appeared instantly in your mental state as rainbow light in the sky, sky, and that is
what it is.
This is the most important. This is, the one way is sub-nicular, sub-nicular of your enlightenment
or our enlightenment.
This is now going to blow up all the mountain of habit patterns.
This, therefore, is really the atom of the most powerful nucleus that begins right in our heart, in
mind states.
And if we have time, again, we are going to meditate in that status.
For three seconds, three minutes, just really that.
Generally, this is not the time we talk. We like to have good concentrations.
We like to have good meditate. This is the really where you start.
This whole practice is not something that we're doing extra here, that is, distorted.
We are doing exactly the heart, the root, the very best of the meditation, meditation practices.
So we're talking about the time, this and that, but this is really the practice.
Every concert, every person spends some time with this.
This is the most powerful way of concentrating.
Shama, Vibhachan, all what we name it is very powerful way to build up, stabilize our meditation.
And this is what we should let it. This is all union of compassion and wisdom.
It's so wonderful, so special and a relaxed mind to that status, properly.
Second or three minutes, whatever you have to spend.
And then, this is what it does in the teaching set.
Also, it will purify habit patterns of the birth becoming.
It will purify habit patterns of the birth.
And birth is the way to begin, again, whole cycle.
Cycle goes on and on as spirals, unending, until we reach the enlightenment.
Even when it's the enlightenment, concurrently it moves.
This is about things according to the teaching set.
So birth is the beginning of another chapter of the whole universe, whole vision.
So when we take care of that very beginning,
then it will take care of all the other motions, the unfolded, rolling motions.
That's why it's so important.
Also, this realization on the siddhi samadhi and of meditation on the siddhi samadhis.
It will purify that in the teachings.
Then in the teaching, also it will purify more kind of larger scope level.
It will purify the habit patterns of the desirums.
Desirums are in the teaching set. There are three realms.
Desirums, poem-brain, and poem-less realms.
Poem-brain is more gross level.
Gross level. We all are in poem-rains.
No, sorry. We are all in desirums.
Desirums are more gross, tangible. That's what we are.
But poem-brain, poem-less realm is semi-poems.
In a way, twilight zones between desire realm and poem-less realm.
It's more kind of like simi. Simi-status. Right? Simi-status. It's okay.
We are simi-status. Then poem-less realm is poem-less.
That's it. It has no forms. It's completely out of the forms.
That actually also corresponds in the teaching set with ours.
What we are now. For example, desire realm is more representing our body.
Physical body is represented as desire because it's more tangible.
Tangible-ness is desire realm.
And then our speech, our voice, is like poem-rains.
Voice, the speech, is simi, is a poem, but also is not really as form as physical.
Physical. So this, the form more corresponds, or the body corresponds with desire realm.
And we are trying to apply it to our, this body is miniature of the world in one way, or this is
the world.
So the poem is desire realm. Our speech is the poem-brain. Our mind is formless realm.
Formless realm. So in that way, that way, then again these three samadu will also purify those
different habit patterns.
And now what, after when we purify that habit patterns of the birth, whatever does, then birth also
will become as magical birth.
All those great masters born with the awareness, take consumption with the awareness, born with the
awareness, do work with the awareness,
and live more with the awareness. Not on the presumption status, not on the blind status, not on
the expectation status,
and not on the unsure status. They're all in awareness. Come with the knowledge, live with the
knowledge of Vasudan,
save with the knowledge, and live more with the knowledge in Vasudan.
Those all also begins really purifying these habit patterns.
Therefore, I mean, it's all connected. That's why in the teachings, they're all connected, inter
dependent, co-ordination.
There's nothing, one single object, that which is not connected.